The Joe Rogan experience. How long were you there?
I'd say about six months or so. And.
What, what progress was made while you were there?
Well, we came up with a bunch of
reasonably good ideas about how the reactor worked,
and one of them was the base.
The square base of it was essentially like a cyclotron,
which is a small particle accelerator, a circular one particle accelerators,
linear particle accelerators, or just a, you know, long tube essentially.
And they accelerate particles with high voltage and, you know,
radio frequencies until they reach high speeds.
But a cyclotron does that and a small circular area.
And there's this very heavy element, fuel element,
one 15, something that wasn't on our periodic charts at the time,
but it is now. It is now. Yeah.
When did it become on the periodic table now? The way the charts.
Now, you know, I don't remember. Do you remember when they, uh.
2004 Durham stat, Germany,
I think is where they first fabricated for atoms that lasted 220 milliseconds.
The items it's nothing. Right.
And then it later was discovered a couple more times they could fabricate it.
Then they gave it,
they gave it a place then on the periodic chart after that called it Muskogee.
So they told you about this stuff in 1982?
Yeah. Well, we kinda, what, what year was this?
It was 80, 88 and 89 when I was there. 82 is when
[inaudible], I'm sorry. Yeah. So.
88, 89, they told you about this stuff. So this was.
No, they didn't, they didn't tell me about it.
That's one of the things that this group came up with, the, um,
um, I keep losing my train of thought with this thing.
So this one area, this,
this element one 15 was the fuel.
Yeah, it was the fuel, um.
The world where forgive you for having a migraine. I.
Just, it's really hard to think through this. Just give me a minute,
give you more.
Yeah, definitely. As I say, one thing you know about for the last 30 years,
people have just been on the attack on Bob, you know, getting to know him,
the personal effects on his life.
It's really hard to understand unless you meet his family and his wife. I mean,
this is the last thing he wanted to do was have to talk.
Yeah, we should explain that Jeremy, that you and I had this conversation,
I watched your documentary, we had this conversation and I said,
I have to talk to him. Yeah. The document there was, there's been detractors.
There's been a bunch of people that called on many of the things that you've
said. But over time, many of the things that you talked about,
even in the eighties have proven to be true.
Things that people said were not true, were proven to be true.
Element one 15 was one of them.
Right, right, right. Uh, element 15,
the fuel they had was stable. In other words, it didn't decay.
It wasn't emitting radioactivity. Um, when they synthesized, uh,
two or three atoms of the one 15, uh,
it did decay and it was not a stable element. So they're,
they're kind of two different things,
but this is kind of typical elements always have, or pretty much always have,
uh, stabilize the topes and unstable isotopes.
Like I think cesium as like 30 unstable isotopes to it.
So are well hydrogen, for example, you're familiar with hydrogen gas. Um,
it's stable. It's not radioactive, but there's also two other types of hydrogen
deuterium and tritium and deuterium. Isn't radioactive.
It's another stable isotope of hydrogen, but tritium is radioactive.
Now they're all hydrogen, but they just have a different amounts of neutrons.
So it's the same thing with other elements and element one 15,
depending on the amount of neutrons it has, uh,
designates the isotope, but it's one 15.
They will continue to take, uh,
or experiment and try and make one 15 at different isotopes.
And I'm sure eventually they'll come up with a stable version,
but it's the taste stable version that has the properties that we're talking
about.
So they somehow, or another had acquired a stable version.
Did they say that the stable version had come with.
This craft? It absolutely came with the graft. Yeah.
So at the time you having a firm knowledge of the periodic chart
and knowing what was real and what wasn't real,
what was your reaction to having this stable element?
One 15 that wasn't even supposed to exist?
Everything was impossible, right? I mean, down, down to the metal,
I did get a chance to look inside the craft on only one
occasion. And this was important because, um,
where the reactor sat might have been critical to how it operated since
everything operates without any interconnections.
So the placement of components might be critical.
So they allowed me to go inside and, and look at it. Um,
again, I forgot what the hell.
So you're going into this craft and what are you thinking when you're inside of
it? Like, what are you seeing?
It's um, it's a very ominous feeling because it's,
there are no F first of all, everything is one color.
It's like a dark pewter color.
And there are no right angles anywhere it's as if somebody took
a I've said this before somebody took a model out of Anne,
fashioned it out of wax and then heated it just for a short time.
So everything melted, everything looks like it's fused together.
Everything has a radius of curvature where two, uh, items meet.
It's a, it's a really weird looking thing. But, um,
uh,
there was almost nothing other than small foldable hatchway
that, um, that looked recognizable, everything was, uh,
was really unworldly to pick on it a way to describe it.
So you,
you get inside this thing and it's designed for something that's much smaller
than.
Me. Yeah. You can't really stand up until you get to the very center of,
and I'll tell you I'm five 10.
And what do you think this was designed for?
I'd say something close to half my height. Wow.
So these little three foot tall ish creatures.
Yeah. And th th the seats were small too. I mean,
obviously it was made for something, something small,
but there is no, like, there's, there's nothing else in there.
There's just seats the reactor and some of the sub-components there's no,
there's no control panels. There's no bathroom. There's no, no decorative,
uh, components or artwork or anything that you would recognize or trim. I mean,
it's just a very bare bones thing. You're not seeing any screens.
Well, there are arch ways around it, et cetera, part of the superstructure.
And then one of the archways can become transparent.
When I was in there, there was another group working on one of the archways,
and you could call that a screen morally.
So through that Archway, it would be,
it would maintain the solidity, the, the solid,
whatever metal it was. Yeah.
It just became transparent. Yeah.
I saw that happen once or twice before I left.
Did you ask any questions about what the, no, there's no asking there's no, no,
but when.
You watch something become transparent and you realize it's still there,
but you could now see.
Yeah. I mean, not now, that's not that impressive.
We do have some liquid crystal materials that are like that, you know,
they haven't seen them smart glass. Yeah. They call it smart glass.
So this is just a, and I don't know if the craft is made of, you know,
an advanced metal or a ceramic, it was cold to the church. So, um,
you know, I would lean more towards a metal.
You're not allowed to ask questions. No,
the only they work on the buddy system.
So I can only exchange ideas and talk to Barry. Now,
this really interferes with science because science is based on free discussion.
And ideally you get a bunch of guys together, exchange ideas, work on problems,
and that's how things move forward.
But they're so over the top concerned about security.
They split everything off and everybody becomes stagnant.
It, it, it, it just destroys any of the progress you can make,
or at least makes it go so slow. Um, they,
I think they wound up shooting themselves in the foot.
Which is probably why they arrived at this bottleneck that they needed to get
this madman with a jet powered Honda, come in and see what he could.
I think that was an act of desperation.
I think they wanted someone that's thinks out of the box and let,
let's just this guy a try here because they weren't. And, uh,
they might've done this four more times since, uh, you know,
up to the point in time today, assuming they're still working on this thing.
And when you see this craft and you're inside,
was there any indication that there was an area that they would use to
control it to pilot? Was there a pilot seat?
There were three seats. They sat around, uh,
the reactor was in the dead center of it, and then equidistant around,
there were three seats and that's all there. There was a,
a large unit. They're not consoles. There are large rectangular objects,
also spaced equidistant around the center. Um, there's nothing on them.
There's no buttons, there's no lights, there's same color.
Everything is the same color, different shape, right. And, um,
directly underneath them, there's three levels in the craft. Uh,
the main level is what we're talking about directly under that.
Those are the gravity amplifiers,
the big rectangular objects underneath them are the gravity emitters that look
like for lack of a better word, a trashcan hanging on a pipe, three of those.
And then the top layer. I, this is just my personal belief.
I think that has to do with, uh, uh, uh,
navigation or their version of a computer, uh,
with some planar panels,
sensor panels around the craft that we would call portholes,
but they're not portholes. They're just black areas.
And I think that just determines its position in space,
but I was,
I physically was in the center section and I stuck my torso in
the bottom section and hung upside down so I could see how the gravity
amplifiers were positioned. What is the, the, roughly the size of this thing?
It's a, I think it, I don't remember from being there, but, um,
after all this stuff was over, I had, uh, John Andrews,
a guy from the testers model corporation, and, you know,
we sat down and tried to figure out from what I saw,
um, and known sizes of things.
And we came up with 52 feet in diameter and I think that's a really small,
yeah. So I think that's a fair, a reasonable guess. Now.
You said there's nine of them and you've got a brief glimpse at the other ones
where the, how.
Are they doing? Oh, they looked completely different. One looked like a,
I called a jello mold and it,
it looked like a classic jello mold with the ripple sides to it.
One was a very flat disc. Um, you know,
like, uh, oh,
I don't like a straw hat or something like that that was sitting up on its edge.
And the thin part of it had, it looked like a projectile had been fired through,
um, the edge of it.
So I don't know if they were attempting to see if the metal could be penetrated
or if something, or if that's where the thing came from, maybe it was shot down.
Um, but that was the only one where I saw there was, you know,
actual physical damage to it.
And that one was roughly the same size. They're.
All. They were kind of too far away to tell. Hmm.
And did there, it was several teams that were working on the propulsion system.
So there was different teams that were working on these different.
Aircraft. I don't know. I could only assume.
Now when you're sitting in this thing and you're looking at this
other worldly craft, your,
your goal is to try to figure out how this thing functions your goal is to try
to figure out how this reactor, I mean,
but it would imagine they would give you more time than just one day to check
that.
Oh yeah. It wasn't one day, right? Yeah. I mean, this is Barry was there.
I think Barry was sleeping there. I'm sure they had, now that,
that isn't weird. I mean, up at the tone of pod test range,
where they work on still fighters, you know, you go,
I think three weeks on one week off and you stay up there too.
So it's not weird to stay up at the test site. Right. So, um, yeah,
I think he pretty much said it didn't,
he acted like he's been up there for a long time. Um, but, um,
yeah. Who knows you, do you have contact with this guy? No. Oh no.
I wish I did.
I kinda thought he was gonna come out after I did.
And I think I took so much flak and it's so much for
what went on. I think I actually,
I wound up helping security there and everybody became afraid of, you know,
doing or saying anything after that.
So what kind of reports did you have to give? Like,
so you're not making much progress, right?
You're just trying to figure out what this thing is. And it seems impossible.
Well, we didn't personally make them, I mean, we were always,
there was never a lot of information that we gained. Um,
the guy you would call him,
our supervisor was the name was Dennis Mariani and kind of a military
looking guy. And he would routinely pop in, you know,
during the day and, you know, Hey, what's going on guys?
And he would essentially relay, enter any information, anything new.
We came up with. I mean,
he was our go-between where we presented him the information,
and then he took it to wherever they were, you know,
assembling all the data from every, no, I assume.
You're working normal days, like an eight hour day.
No, no, no.
It was really weird that I would be only called in on certain times and certain
days. And they would be weird hours too.
Most of the time was later in the evening. I mean,
I can get a call at 11 o'clock at night and they'll say, you know,
it's now 11 o'clock, um, by 1145,
you need to be at McCarran terminal. And, um, you know,
we'll let you know when we have more information, but.
What did you do while you were there? If you're looking at this object,
this reactor and can't figure out what it is or how it works,
other than the fact that it works on this element that we don't even know about.
Sure. I mean, the thing was too, that what you do and, you know,
with anything, if you're trying to analyze it, all you can do is perform tests.
And all we did is try and come up with every kind of test we possibly could.
I mean, we tested, you know, it, it,
it violated a lot of what we thought was impossible to violate. I mean,
one of the first laws of thermodynamics, I mean, essentially any machine,
any device that operates always makes extra heat,
nothing works at a hundred percent efficient.
Even the headphones you're wearing anything that takes power.
Some of that power is going to be converted to heat and it's just wasted
this didn't. I mean,
we looked at back then we had infrared cameras they're different today,
but back then you had a poor liquid nitrogen into the camera to cool the sensor
down and, um, and get these infrared images you've seen,
but it never got no matter what the load was on the reactor.
It never got above the ambient temperature, which is impossible. I mean, you're,
you know,
pulling out huge amounts of power and nothing ever gets warm.
Um, we tried measuring magnetic fields and there was nothing there.
So we started playing around with the, uh, emission, from the emitters,
the gravity wave itself and saw what we could do with it and how
it was focused.
So we really spent all our time just trying to see
what the stuff can do and what we can control. Oh, so.
You were seeing what it could do,
would you couldn't ever figure out how it was doing it?
No, not really. I mean, we really, we really could only use, uh, uh,
come up with a best guess. And now I can't say we really,
I,
that I could absolutely state for certainly or certainty how anything
actually works.
Now.
How did you know at all how they were piloting it? Because some,
they were doing some tests where they're having these things fly around
in the sky. And this is what gets us deeper into your story.
Right? Um.
I was out there for, uh, one test, um, right.
In fact, I was in with Barry in the lab and Dennis came in and said,
uh, we're about to run the test. Why don't you guys come out?
Or I think he said, Barry, why didn't you come out here and bring Bob with you?
Uh, we went out there and the Kraft was already outside the hanger
and was just preparing to lift off.
Now they were in communication with somebody in the craft.
So there was a person in the, yeah,
there was certainly a person in there now it's not a comfortable place to be in
because it's, so the guy has to be sitting on the floor in the middle, uh,
my best guess. And this.
Is the same specific craft that you, because you were the,
that was the only craft that you were in. The only.
One that I, I touched and worked on, um, and it,
it quietly lifted off the ground,
which was incredibly impressive to see quietly or silently
well quietly because it did reduce it. It reduced,
um, a little Corona discharge from the bottom at Krone.
Discharge is kind of a high voltage brush, little bluish glow discharge,
as it was lifting off the ground. You can hear a slight, his sound. Now,
as soon as it cleared the ground by about five or 10 feet,
maybe even less than that, the hissing stopped and the blue goat disappeared.
So it lifted off quietly and then it hovered silently if you want to be
specific.
Wow. So then what kind of maneuvers was it doing?
It took up for that particular time. It took off,
moved a little round around to the left and right. And then sat back down the,
um, the craft itself. Um,
they communicated with it with a reg because I saw the guy talking,
uh, and a regular VHF radio to the person in the craft.
And I even saw the frequency that was on the, the frequency counter of the, uh,
communication that transceiver there. Um,
but what's weird is he shouldn't be able to communicate with the craft,
with a radio, the radio,
the radio waves should bend around the craft. I mean, it,
it shouldn't be possible at every single thing about these,
the craft and the way they operated didn't make any sense to us.
I mean, that's something we talked about for a while after why.
Should the frequency bend around the craft?
Well,
you really have to look at the way the gravity wave comes out of the craft.
There's a,
the reactors in the center and there's a wave guide that goes up to the top.
There's actually a small appendage that sticks out at the top of the craft and
it produces a heart shaped gravitational distortion around the craft. Now,
if the craft is sitting in the air and you walk underneath it and look up,
you actually cannot see the craft, the light bends around it.
You're bending gravity, bends, light, it bends radio waves. It's um,
it,
it shouldn't be possible to communicate with a craft that has an envelope around
it. That's distorting all forms of energy,
but they were apparently in contact with it somehow.
Or another through some unexplained way that they don't bother explaining to
you. So this thing gets up, it just does some very simple maneuvers left, right.
Left, right. Goes down. Um, and did they discuss this with you?
I mean, they said they wanted you to see.
It. Yeah. They just want it now. They didn't discuss anything with me. It set,
it sat down, looked around for a bit and Barry said, let's go back.
And we went back in the lab, all we got to do is see it, um,
fast forward. Um, to some months later, uh,
I did have the test flight schedule of the craft.
Now they had times they had designated high-performance tests.
This obviously wasn't one that, uh, was a high-performance test. The, uh,
high-performance test went,
goes above the mountain range and they do much more radical moves with the
thing. Look,
this is a prized item and they're not doing anything like taking it out of the
atmosphere or flying around to other countries or anything like that. This,
they just play with this thing right over the test site. Um,
but they were doing some radical moves with it.
And since I had the test flight schedule, statistically,
the amount of traffic and the surrounding areas on the highway was
lowest on Wednesdays. And that's why Dennis, Dennis told us that, uh,
all the test flights occurred only on Wednesdays,
because it'd be the least chance that anyone would see what's going on.
In this. It was before the,
the government had expanded the forbidden territory around area
51 and papoose lake and all that stuff.
Yeah. I think that occurred after my story came out,
then people started going up on the mountain tops and trying to look down into
there and they kind of freaked out and then did the land grab and pushed
everybody back. But yeah, that,
I think all of that occurred long after that was great that I came out.